docs/6_Configuration_Assurance_Netpicker.md, before:

### Netpicker - Our configuration assurance tool

Netpicker allows us to validate our device configurations. It can be used to validate anything you can express in code, but also makes it easy to generate validations even if you can't code. Perhaps you'd like to know if there are any known vulnerabilities for a platform version you're running in your network, or if your device configurations adhere to your company's security policies? Netpicker can do all of that and more.

To get started we need to tell NetPicker about our devices. Now that we have NetBox as our Network Source of Truth, we'll be importing our devices from NetBox into Netpicker.

First log-in to Netpicker and click on `Add Device`

> [!TIP]
> **Netpicker URL**: `./0_set_envvars.sh | grep -i netpicker`   
> **username** admin@admin.com  
> **password** 12345678

<img src="images/netpicker/homepage_add_device.png" alt="NetPicker Homepage Add Devices" title="NetPicker Homepage Add Devices" width="1000" />

Now click on `+ Add devices` and then click on `Import from NetBox`

<img src="images/netpicker/add_devices_menu.png" alt="NetPicker Add Devices" title="NetPicker Add Devices Menu" width="300" />

Then provide your NetBox URL, NetBox API key (1234567890) and click `Next`

> [!TIP]
> **NetBox URL**: `./0_set_envvars.sh | grep -i netbox`  
> **NetBox API Key**: `1234567890`

<img src="images/netpicker/netbox_api_details.png" alt="NetBox API Details" title="NetBox API Details" width="1000" />

Then on the next screen under `Vault` select `autocon_workshop`. Then click `Next`

<img src="images/netpicker/device_mapping.png" alt="Netpicker Device Mapping" title="Netpicker Device Mapping" width="1000" />

Our network devices have now been imported from NetBox into Netpicker!

___

Next we need to ask Netpicker to pull the configuration backups for our devices so that we can run tests, which Netpicker calls `Policies`, against them.

On the `Devices` screen click `Run backups`

INSERT RUN BACKUPS SCREENSHOT

Navigate over to `Backups` and wait for the backups to arrive. You can hit `Refresh` to update the view until both backups report `Success`.

INSERT BACKUPS SCREENSHOT

You can now inspect the backups. Click on `clab-autocon2-srl1`. Then you can click on each backup to view it.

INSERT BACKUP DETAILS VIEW

Now that Netpicker is pulling the backups from our devices, we can use the real power of Netpicker, `Policies` and `Rules`.

Commit message:

Additional notes to help with building out the rest of the docs

docs/6_Configuration_Assurance_Netpicker.md, after:

**Section 6 - Configuration Assurance - Netpicker**

- Network - 6.1_assurance (no NTP)
- Add devices from NetBox
    - Automate adding the NetBox details
- Backup the devices
- Add Simple rule - “ntp” should be present
- Run policies, show that they fail

- Network - 6.2_assurance (with NTP)
- Backup the devices
    - Look at the diff
    - Sometimes seeing failures in the backups, rerunning them fixes it (need to update to the latest versions)
- Run policies, show that they pass

- Python test - hostname in NetBox is present in the config
    - Update Nokia devices to change the hostname
    - Show that the python test fails
- Run policies, show that they have been passing




### Netpicker - Our configuration assurance tool

Netpicker allows us to validate our device configurations. It can be used to validate anything you can express in code, but also makes it easy to generate validations even if you can't code. Perhaps you'd like to know if there are any known vulnerabilities for a platform version you're running in your network, or if your device configurations adhere to your company's security policies? Netpicker can do all of that and more.

To get started we need to tell NetPicker about our devices. Now that we have NetBox as our Network Source of Truth, we'll be importing our devices from NetBox into Netpicker.

First log-in to Netpicker and click on `Add Device`

> [!TIP]
> **Netpicker URL**: `./0_set_envvars.sh | grep -i netpicker`   
> **username** admin@admin.com  
> **password** 12345678

<img src="images/netpicker/homepage_add_device.png" alt="NetPicker Homepage Add Devices" title="NetPicker Homepage Add Devices" width="1000" />

Now click on `+ Add devices` and then click on `Import from NetBox`

<img src="images/netpicker/add_devices_menu.png" alt="NetPicker Add Devices" title="NetPicker Add Devices Menu" width="300" />

Then provide your NetBox URL, NetBox API key (1234567890) and click `Next`

> [!TIP]
> **NetBox URL**: `./0_set_envvars.sh | grep -i netbox`  
> **NetBox API Key**: `1234567890`

<img src="images/netpicker/netbox_api_details.png" alt="NetBox API Details" title="NetBox API Details" width="1000" />

Then on the next screen under `Vault` select `autocon_workshop`. Then click `Next`

<img src="images/netpicker/device_mapping.png" alt="Netpicker Device Mapping" title="Netpicker Device Mapping" width="1000" />

Our network devices have now been imported from NetBox into Netpicker!

___

Next we need to ask Netpicker to pull the configuration backups for our devices so that we can run tests, which Netpicker calls `Policies`, against them.

On the `Devices` screen click `Run backups`

INSERT RUN BACKUPS SCREENSHOT

Navigate over to `Backups` and wait for the backups to arrive. You can hit `Refresh` to update the view until both backups report `Success`.

INSERT BACKUPS SCREENSHOT

You can now inspect the backups. Click on `clab-autocon2-srl1`. Then you can click on each backup to view it.

INSERT BACKUP DETAILS VIEW

Now that Netpicker is pulling the backups from our devices, we can use the real power of Netpicker, `Policies` and `Rules`.
