docs/Setup.md, before:

# Setup

## Connect Slurpit to NetBox

- Log in to Slurpit and navigate to `Administrator` -> `API keys`
  - Click on `+ Add`
    - You can give your key any name you want
    - Under `Role Permissions` -> `Administrator Access` select choose `Select All`
    - Click `Submit`
    - Click on the copy icon under `Key` and make a note of the key somewhere as we'll need it for the next step

- Navigate to Slurpit, and the `Settings` -> `Plugin`
  - Set the `Plugin URL`: http://YOUR IP:8001/
  - Set the `API key`: 1234567890
  - Set `Authorization type` to `Netbox`
  - Set `Status` to `Enabled`
  - Enable `IPAM`, `Interfaces` and `Prefix`
  - Click on Sync????


- Log in to NetBox and navigate to `SLURP'IT` -> `Settings`
  - Under `Data synchronization` choose BOTH and click `Save`
  - Under `Slurp'it server` click `Edit`
    - Enter your Slurp'it URL
    - Enter the Slurp'it API key you made
    - Click `Save`
  - Go to `Data tabs` and under `Planning` click `Sync`
    - You'll now see a populated list of the all the data Slurp'it can reconcile into NetBox
    - Select `All` and then click `Save`

Commit message:

Interfaces are now importing into Slurpit. Closes https://github.com/mrmrcoleman/autocon2_workshop/issues/3

docs/Setup.md, after:

# Setup

## Connect Slurpit to NetBox

- Log in to Slurpit and navigate to `Administrator` -> `API keys`
  - Click on `+ Add`
    - You can give your key any name you want
    - Under `Role Permissions` -> `Administrator Access` select choose `Select All`
    - Click `Submit`
    - Click on the copy icon under `Key` and make a note of the key somewhere as we'll need it for the next step

- Navigate to Slurpit, and the `Settings` -> `Plugin`
  - Set the `Plugin URL`: http://YOUR IP:8001/
  - Set the `API key`: 1234567890
  - Set `Authorization type` to `Netbox`
  - Set `Status` to `Enabled`
  - Enable `Interfaces` (`IPAM` and `Prefix` are broken at the moment, Pieter is looking into it)
  - Click on Sync????

- Log in to NetBox and navigate to `SLURP'IT` -> `Settings`
  - Under `Data synchronization` choose BOTH and click `Save`
  - Under `Slurp'it server` click `Edit`
    - Enter your Slurp'it URL
    - Enter the Slurp'it API key you made
    - Click `Save`
  - Go to `Data tabs` and under `Planning` click `Sync`
    - You'll now see a populated list of the all the data Slurp'it can reconcile into NetBox
    - Select `All` and then click `Save`
